So now we're going to go back in and create some mirrors so that we can replace is at mirror because
no authority will be able to create post, update, delete, delete medias and so on.
All right.
So here now let me go to middleware.
And it's clear to me always first is auto.
So what are we to do here is we're going to create a few mirrors, one we're going to call it.
Let me just right here exclude comments can create read.
I think.
And so this is one middleware.
So we can upload this middleware in our roots where both admin and also we should be able to create
something in the database.
For example, posts, create media and be able to retrieve that.
So read, create and read.
All right.
So this is one.
Another one is update and delete because we can just take for the rule.
We have to also make sure that the author doesn't just delete everyone else's post or media.
Right.
So although will we also to be able to update and delete as well besides create and read auto, we will
be able to update and delete, but you'll be able to do those things on the post that he created.
So something that belongs to him, not everyone else's.
Right.
So that's why we need to have a different middleware for update included because we have to think if
that post is created by that particular author.
Right.
So we have to take that so can
indeed delete post.
So this is another middleware which will take to make sure that we can allow him to update or delete
any post.
Vis a vis one can update and delete posts, and then the next one is for deleting the bits of the media
files images.
So the best time to do this one we can to call it delete can delete media.
So he can create to query and just use this middleware.
But to delete, we need to take and make sure the media was uploaded by that user.
Only then we would allow him to delete his own uploaded media in order to let's go ahead and work on
these three.
MediaWorks So the first one we could use if Al Stedman like this one, but this time I'm going to try
something different.
I'm going to try Sweet Kiss.
I.
So here, try it first.
Let's find the user based on the, the middleware that we will be applying in our routes.
So we can go to routes post.
You can see we have the request and mirror that gives us the user side in the request object.
So based on that we can find the user goes to use a good student or we use a modern find by the request
to use your end user once we get the user.
We can take for you this room.
So I'm going to use a suitcase, Fitz.
We're going to have the value there, and then we're going to take for each case.
So treat the user to its.
So this rule could be admin, could be author, could be subscribe.
It could be any.
Right.
So we have to take you.
So first case we're going to take is for the admin.
So if the user goal is admin, in that case, what do you want to do?
We want to execute the next function because that's fine.
You know, if the user is admin, he can create post.
So we execute next.
Now we take for another case.
Down here.
KISS is awesome.
So is the kiss also in that case, also we execute mixed because both admin and also we want to allow
them to create boost.
Right.
So let's create intrigue.
Now another kiss is.
By the way, each case want to execute that we can use.
We break.
Because there's no need to execute any more code here.
So admin officer and then the next one is we need to have a default case.
So by default we want to send the error messages.
So the response, send the message on throws with this static score of 403, which is unauthorised.
So as you can see, this will work in basically text for the user role if it is admin.
That's okay.
If it is also that so otherwise for anything else by default we are giving the error messages.
And that is all he needs.
That's how great, Ingrid.
Now, let's move on to update and delete this one.
Also going to work similarly to this one, but we have to perform additional tech.
So here, what are we going to be reviewing to find the user just like this?
So you can actually copy if you want to copy, then come here.
So now we friend the user, right?
So once you find the user, you also want to find the post.
Because what we going to work on here is we want to make sure.
The particular post can be edited, updated or deleted by this user.
So that means we need to find that post as well.
So that post we should be receiving in the requests forums here, for example, remove post.
So therefore deleting a post.
We always send the post posting to edit the post.
We are sending the post.
All right.
So this is the request params.
So this is important.
All right.
So based on the request params, we can find this post before.
So it's middle words are executed so we can access this value.
So here.
You can find the post based on that.
Can sniff a wheat post or find by IED.
And that's going to read, request parents post I.D. and make sure we have the post made post mortem
laptop we don't have.
It's important in both post for Morgan's post.
All right.
So we got the post.
We got to use it.
We got the user based on the current request to use it post based on the request params.
Now what are we going to do is we're going to tick because it's post have the posted by.
Property and that posted by property has the uses and we've created the post.
Right.
So we can compare that posted by ID with the user site.
And if the met, that means this is the correct to use or we can allow him to edit or delete the post.
All right.
So that's how it's going to work so we can use suites.
Sweet.
And then we take for the kiss admin.
If it is admin, then we just allow him to do.
We don't need any additional takes and that is the extra privilege for admin for here.
Also you can take if you want to the admin to do it only his post, not other people's first.
You can add that, but I think for admin we want to give some extra authority, so let's leave it like
this.
So that's for the admin.
If the case is admin, no worries, they can just go ahead.
We execute.
Next of course is awesome.
So if the cases offer, we want him to update and delete the post.
But before we do that we want to take I so we want to take like this if the post also.
No.
That's actually a poster posted by Dirk on the school I.D. I guess to not understand it's a posted by
by default is always I.D. so we we can't access like that we just to use this okay so you can have a
look into the post from post mortem.
Let's quickly have a look.
So you can see we always have that posted by users I.D. in this property when we are creating a new
post.
So we always get that from the post.
So we access that post posted by, which gives us the user side.
So if that 80 Mets triple equal met with user, which you find user I.D., I guess if that meant that
this user is actually trying to update or delete his on post.
So that's okay.
All right.
So here you can you'll notice that we have used Docstring.
The reason for that is we are.
Running this comparison, triple equal stripped comparison.
So for that reason, both backs have to be converted to a strict.
All right.
So that's how the triple equal works.
Now, if you don't don't want to use too strict, then that's okay.
You don't have to.
But in that case, you cannot use this to build equal, which is the strict.
Strict triple strict comparison operates.
So you have to use double equal only.
So it's up to you.
You can continue using double equal or if you want to use triple equals, which is used most of the
time.
So to avoid any confusion, we can continue using triple equal.
But in that case you have to convert both values to strength using the two string function.
All right.
So if the user if the uses alpha we take if the post way in the London use society sim if it is sim,
that's okay.
Otherwise we can send some kind of error message.
Now in Node.js.
It's always good practice to check for the errors first.
So.
So what we can do here is instead of typically we can think if not equal, okay, so if not equal,
then we send our misses.
Otherwise we send mixed, we execute next.
So if the ideas don't met, then return response that is hundred three sent on authorize.
Otherwise it's all good.
We execute next.
Yes.
If that's the case, Arthur.
And.
We can hirano the default case by default.
Also, we are sending the error messages.
All right.
I said that's for Camp Update and delete post.
So that's how we're going to make sure.
Only the user only the owner is able to update into it.
Now let's move on to the last one is for deleting media two.
That's going to have a similar comparison.
All right.
So we can delete media.
So here what we can do again for deleting media.
Also, you will be receiving the media I.D. in the request params.
So let me quickly go to authorize post postcards.
And you can see here, whenever we want to delete a media, we are sending the media ID so we can access
that and find the media first response media.
It would still await Million Dollar Fine by i-D and that will be request for arms.
Just IDI We didn't call it media IDI If you've called it Media IDI here.
Then you can access like that.
But since we call it just IDI, we can you just.
All right, let me make sure I have this media model top.
All right.
No, let's cut down.
So we find the media.
Once we find the media again, we can take if it is take for the user room, we we use suites.
Street user done.
So that means we have to have the user query as well.
So let's grab this line.
All right.
So we have the user, we have the media.
Then we're going to take the case.
Admin if the case advent we execute next week.
Give me the stones each year.
So if else we have the if still.
And then again we can break.
And by default we have that.
So let's go down and continue here.
So if it is admin we exclude that if the case is awesome.
Then again, we're going to take.
Similar, I guess if else and then vaguely scoping that space time.
Now here this time it's forced it's going to be media rights if media also has the push to their property.
So if posted by equals, not equals to user ID.
Oh, actually I wouldn't have to make query using the user because request user ID we get from the middleware
so that that is sufficient.
So we don't have to have that.
So let me call it a request.
Don't use it on the scribe.
Okay.
And if it if it doesn't match, we send this error message.
Otherwise, we execute next.
That is perfect.
Now, let me quickly fix this so we we don't have to make this additional query to the database to find
the user, because all we need is use this idea which we get from the request to user from that request
signing middleware.
So let's move of that.
I guess, make sure you use request to user from the scribe.
We can delete millions of it's for that.
Oh sorry.
Sucks my bad.
We are actually taken for the wrong answer.
Okay.
So we still need that.
So it's all good.
So we have it can delete media can update, delete post.
And can create an.
Now we're going to use these middle words in our postcards strokes you.